Add README.md for translation process (#429)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: translation/README.md

# Translation Process and Recommendations

If you would like to contribute to the InnerSource Patterns translation, great! We would love to work with you!

> First, please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for basic contribution instructions.
> This document covers basic translation principles, how you can contribute, and the review process. Please note that the content of this document is recommendations, mainly aimed at removing barriers for new contributors to the translation process. If you see something missing, please feel free to make suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

First, please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for basic contribution instructions.

This document covers basic translation principles, how you can contribute, and the review process. 

Please note that this document contains recommendations, aimed at removing barriers for new contributors to the translation process. If you see something missing, please feel free to make suggestions.
```

Adding some spacing to improve readablility.

Author: Thanks, LGTM:)

## The Translation Principles and Recommendation

> - The target of the translation is structured patterns. You can find them at ```/patterns/2-structured/```, and only structured patterns are available in Gitbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The target of the translation are structured patterns. Find them in folder [/patterns/2-structured/](../patterns/2-structured/). Only structured patterns will be published in Gitbook.
```

Linking to the folder might make it even more clear which patterns we are talking about.

Also did some other rewording.

Author: LGTM👍

- English is recommended for commit messages. If you are merged into a branch, your commit messages will be seen by members all over the world. This will make it easier for global members to find your activities and will also accelerate collaboration.
- Regarding Pull Requests and Issues, it is a good idea to use English, at least for the title and the purpose statement in the preface. Contributions in your language and accompanying discussions may be useful for other translation projects in the future.
- Each country has its own cultural and historical background and different contexts. There is no need to discuss language-specific nuances and difficult linguistic expressions in English in your review. Especially if it is a local community of several people translating together, please prioritize the ease of translation in that community.

## How to Contribute to the Translation

### How to Improve an Existing Translation

- Please send your Pull Request.

### How to translate new InnerSource Patterns

> - Please copy the file ```/patterns/2-structured/<file>.md``` to ```/translation/<language>/patterns/<file>.md``` and start translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please copy the file `/patterns/2-structured/<file>.md` to `/translation/<language>/patterns/<file>.md` and start translation.
```

Using single backticks, to be consistent with the rest of the repo.

### How to Start Translating a New Language

> That is awesome! We welcome your passion. When implementing InnerSource practices in your region, there can be language barriers. There is great value in getting people in your organization to understand InnerSource in their own language. The translation should begin by creating a ```book-<YOUR_LANGUAGE>``` branch to work on. It is a good idea to name the branch after the abbreviation of the language. Currently, ```book-en``` is used for the English version and ```book-jp``` for the Japanese version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is awesome! We welcome your passion. When implementing InnerSource practices in your region, there can be language barriers. There is great value in getting people in your organization to understand InnerSource in their own language. 

The translation should begin by creating a ```book-<YOUR_LANGUAGE>``` branch to work on. Please name the branch after the abbreviation of the language e.g. ```book-jp``` is used for the Japanese version.
```

The `book-en` is only used for testing right now, as I cannot merge to `main` yet. 
Therefore I simplified this sentence. Also added some spacing.

I really like the first paragraph here. It could even be moved to the very beginning of this doc, right after the title. It would be great to explain the motivation behind creating a translation of the pattterns in a bit more detail, as that might also motivate other translators to join.

One specific question about "getting people in your organization ...": 
Did you mean "region" here, or "organization"?

Author: Thank you!
Actually, I meant to imply "organization" in this, but given the context, I now think "region" is more appropriate

- English is recommended for commit messages. If you are merged into a branch, your commit messages will be seen by members all over the world. This will make it easier for global members to find your activities and will also accelerate collaboration.
- Regarding Pull Requests and Issues, it is a good idea to use English, at least for the title and the purpose statement in the preface. Contributions in your language and accompanying discussions may be useful for other translation projects in the future.
- Each country has its own cultural and historical background and different contexts. There is no need to discuss language-specific nuances and difficult linguistic expressions in English in your review. Especially if it is a local community of several people translating together, please prioritize the ease of translation in that community.

## How to Contribute to the Translation

### How to Improve an Existing Translation

- Please send your Pull Request.

### How to translate new InnerSource Patterns

- Please copy the file `/patterns/2-structured/<file>.md` to `/translation/<language>/patterns/<file>.md` and start translation.

### How to Start Translating a New Language

> That is awesome! We welcome your passion. When implementing InnerSource practices in your region, there can be language barriers. There is great value in getting people in your organization to understand InnerSource in their own language. The translation should begin by creating a ```book-<YOUR_LANGUAGE>``` branch to work on. It is a good idea to name the branch after the abbreviation of the language. Currently, ```book-en``` is used for the English version and ```book-jp``` for the Japanese version.

Author: ```suggestion
That is awesome! We welcome your passion. When implementing InnerSource practices in your region, there can be language barriers. There is great value in getting people in your organization to understand InnerSource in their own language. 

The translation should begin by creating a `book-<YOUR_LANGUAGE>` branch to work on. Please name the branch after the abbreviation of the language e.g. `book-jp` is used for the Japanese version.
```

# Translation Process and Recommendations

If you would like to contribute to the InnerSource Patterns translation, great! We would love to work with you!

First, please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for basic contribution instructions.

> This document covers basic translation principles, how you can contribute, and the review process. 

Author: ```suggestion
This document covers basic translation principles, how you can contribute, and the review process.
```

Small fix for markdown lint

- English is recommended for commit messages. If you are merged into a branch, your commit messages will be seen by members all over the world. This will make it easier for global members to find your activities and will also accelerate collaboration.
- Regarding Pull Requests and Issues, it is a good idea to use English, at least for the title and the purpose statement in the preface. Contributions in your language and accompanying discussions may be useful for other translation projects in the future.
- Each country has its own cultural and historical background and different contexts. There is no need to discuss language-specific nuances and difficult linguistic expressions in English in your review. Especially if it is a local community of several people translating together, please prioritize the ease of translation in that community.

## How to Contribute to the Translation

### How to Improve an Existing Translation

- Please send your Pull Request.

### How to translate new InnerSource Patterns

- Please copy the file `/patterns/2-structured/<file>.md` to `/translation/<language>/patterns/<file>.md` and start translation.

### How to Start Translating a New Language

> That is awesome! We welcome your passion. When implementing InnerSource practices in your region, there can be language barriers. There is great value in getting people in your organization to understand InnerSource in their own language. 

Author: ```suggestion
That is awesome! We welcome your passion. When implementing InnerSource practices in your region, there can be language barriers. There is great value in getting people in your organization to understand InnerSource in their own language.
```

Small fix for markdown lint
